# Garden of MAA

This is my first digital garden to grow.

I am sort of a tool nerd, so I have tried many different things to get this. 

Mainly initiated by the movement incepted by Roam Research, I tried other free alternatives, such as TiddlyWiki, Athens, Obsidian and settled on Foam, since it divides the effort it puts to sustain this to other available and actively maintained projects, **and** it has made publishing these notes exceedingly simpler than its alternatives. Kudos there.

> Warning: This is an experiment of humility. Be inconsiderate at your own risk.

By this, I mean that I am willing to do this in public even that means to make a total fool out of myself. My opinion is that reservance and self consciousness may limit one's ability to function to their fullest. I am trying to break that.

So, here I have some Categories:

- [[hardware]] 
- [[knowledge-management]]
- [[engineering-communication]]
- [[books]]
- [[articles]]
- [[tools]]
- [[ideas]]
- [[quotes]]
- [[coding]]
- [[machine-learning]]
- [[lessons-learned\1.md]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[hardware]: hardware.md "Hardware"
[knowledge-management]: knowledge-management.md "Knowledge Management"
[engineering-communication]: engineering-communication.md "Engineering Communication"
[books]: books.md "Books"
[articles]: articles.md "Thoughts on Articles"
[tools]: tools.md "Tools"
[ideas]: ideas.md "Ideas"
[quotes]: quotes.md "Quotes and Snippets"
[coding]: coding.md "Coding"
[machine-learning]: machine-learning.md "machine-learning"
[lessons-learned\1.md]: lessons-learned/1.md "lessons-learned-1"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"