# Values

What are some undisputable values of our company? 

## Attention to physical experience. 

It might be an unintuitive thing nowadays, since mobile phones have made physical a platform then the object of interest itself. But I am a major proponent of experience through objects. Grus should be a pioneer in experience through objects specialized for a customer purpose/need. Less IoT bells and whistles, less devices that can be connected through bluetooth to an app, more focus on the exact problem to be solved. Those gimmicks are frequently (unless explicitly needed) articulations of a lazier mind, one that operates on buzzwords and feature hoarding. 

## Be visual.

Vision is the sense with the highest bandwidth, but also very polluted. Be very visually communicative. 

## Invalidate competition.

Apple might be a famed example of how every product of has a distinct quality that dodges the competition. Its cell phones are not comparable with Androids, which Apple can dodge the competition with outdated hardware. Its headphones are not comparable with Hi-Fi headphones, cause they are not only to sound good. They somehow elevate the user's life, than to be a tool. 
[[emotional-design]]


## Emotionally capable workspace

This is a late addition. I believe that a healthy workplace is an extremely hard thing to 

## Remote, async first work

This is right now disputable. The epidemic has made t a lucrative thing, but it requires deep contemplation.

## Extremely picky in recruitment.

Scenius, or Communal Genius in [[articles]] shows that one of the most rewarding things that a commune can do is to have a space that keeps mediocrity out. 



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[articles]: articles "Thoughts on Articles"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"