# Wednesday, March 17, 2021

Some musings. Let's flow.

It is interesting that I have lost much of my ability to think uninterrupted by myself. Music doesn't really seem to help, it keeps me in the zone, but also severely impairing the depth of my thoughts. I seem to be too easily distracted, and I don't know whether this plays along well with how contemporary knowledge flows, from the surface, fast, with certain disregard against stating its context. At least that is what Twitter is, and that is where ideas are exchanged. 

It is almost painful not to attend to distractions. As if something tragic is
happening there and I am withheld from staring at it. What kind of an illusion is this? 

There are many of them and it is useful to state which:

- Twitter
- Discord
- Other chats
- Email
- News sources 
- Github

They all seem to be about information. They are platforms that one can inform and be informed. As if we have an information consumption disorder leading to informational obesity. Am I overinformed?

Also, they tend to correlate my recent assumptions on success. Creating communities, giving without expectation, being knowledgeable on the latest, etc. But success shouldn't be a condition that is obtained by finding it. That is zero sum talk.Find a successful condition and hold onto it. The success I need needs to be robust. Just like quantum state and its measurement are two different things, I feel that success is similar. Its perception can differ from how robust it is against adversaries. 

Also, so many things to satisfy, so many decisions to make and therefore so many things to analyze. I really wonder if cortex is an evolutionary disadvantage on its own, and whether we leave it without checking on it too often. [[an ode to gut feeling?]]

## Ideal gas theory of the brain

I mean after all, brain is complex, but not as complex as all the actions of other brains that it is trying to analyze. The lengths of increments that this brain can make, though is inversely proportional to the new conditions that it needs to adapt. For it to make leaps, it has to be in a place diluted from new conditions. But for it to find the **correct** direction, it needs to be exposed to new conditions, frequently. There we have our conflict, in ideal gas assumptions.  

Is this brain in a random motion in an ideal gas of brains? Well, obviously not. 
But analogies don't give us the reality, but the inspiration to find a better model of a reality. Sometimes it is instructive to think of our minds intelligibly jiggling inside a gas of others, diffusing slowly to the unknown.

That also, somehow indicates that on the two edge cases there are superdense collection of brains that are solidified into an overinspiration, and brains roam without any intervention beyond realms of sanity. Everybody would be somewhere in between. 

Well, what is the hyperdimensional equivalent of an ideal gas? 
Is, this somehow close to what *the fact* is in the [[Tractatus]]?   


